hi I'm Abby Bell kunis and today I will
be making chicken stuffed with spinach
goat cheese and pine nut ingredients
that i will be using today our boneless
skinless chicken breast fresh organic
spinach toasted pine nuts fresh goat
cheese organic heirloom tomatoes organic
basil salt pepper and olive oil all the
way through it because I need to stuff
it and roll it going to spread it with
some goat cheese you don't care for goat
cheese this would be great with feta or
mozzarella on the inside and I'm going
to sprinkle on some pine nuts this is a
nice crunch my fresh organic spinach
that I got from my local farmers market
that I love to go to every weekend just
going to roll that up with everything
inside and secure it with a toothpick so
it doesn't come apart while we're baking
put it in our baking dish I'm going to
top all of that the tomatoes and basil
season it with some salt and pepper I'm
going to check on the chicken it should
be done
as you can see the tomato has made a
great sauce in there so this is a great
one dish meal go ahead and serve some
for myself tomato sauce on there my
favorite thing to serve it with is an a
lemon and herb couscous and a nice glass
of California seven young Blanc and you
could see the wonderful layers in that
stuffed chicken enjoy